Adds doc and function for updating the image (#193)
tobybatch/kimai2: docs/updating.md

# Upgrading

> BACK UP EVEYTHING. The database, the mounted volumes, everything. Please. Pretty please.

Reviewer: Pleeeeease 😄 

```suggestion
BACK UP EVERYTHING. The database, the mounted volumes, everything. Please. Pretty please.
```

While this process (almost) always works there can be errors and we really don't want you to loose any data.

## The apache image

Just change the tag name and restart the image.

## The fpm image

> The FPM image will need to be upgraded with a manual step. Because the FPM image will have a HTTP proxy (normally nginx) container serving the static assets the ```public``` directory is mounted into that nginx container. This is done via volumes:

Reviewer 2: Better use single **`** to highlight one word ("public").

```yaml
version: '3.5'
services:
    kimai:
        image: kimai/kimai2
        ...
        volumes:

>           - public:/opt/kimai/public

Reviewer 2: Indention is wrong, should be 4 tabs instead of 2.

        ...
    nginx:
        ...
        volumes:
            - public:/opt/kimai/public:ro
    ...
```

> When the kimai image is updated and the container is restarted any new assets in the public directory are never included. These will be things like CSS files, images etc. To fix this you need to copy the newer files from a fresh image oved the top.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When the kimai image is updated and the container is restarted any new assets in the public directory are never included. These will be things like CSS files, images and especially version specific javascript code! To fix this you need to copy the newer files from a fresh image over the top.
```

```bash

> me@myhost $ docker run --rm -ti -v kimai_public:/public --entrypoint /bin/bash kimai/kimai2

Reviewer: isn't that `public` instead of `kimai_public` everywhere else?
I mean it is good to make people think about what they do, [but here it is `public` as well](https://github.com/tobybatch/kimai2/blob/main/docker-compose.yml#L48)

Author: Ah Ha! It's one of those docker things ;)

When start a docker-compose stack the volume name is prefixed with the name of the folder the docker-compose.yml file is in.  There may be an argument for this being kimai2_public.

Reviewer: LOL, one time I do not mention "I don't know docker" and then that happens 😁

#                                  ^^^^^^^^^^^^ -> Where this is the name of your public volume
bash-5.0$ cp -r /opt/kimai/public /
bash-5.0$ exit
me@myhost $
```

And now you'll need to tell the running kimai to update it's assets:

```bash
me@myhost $ docker-compose exec kimai /opt/kimai/bin/console assets:install
```

That should do it.

### Automated upgrade

If you have backed up everything you can use the automated update image that will do the work for you.

Add this to the services section of your docker-compose:

```yaml
autoupdate:
    image: kimai/kimai2
    volumes:
        - public:/public
        - ./bin/copy-public.sh:/copy-public.sh

>     entry-point: /copy-public.sh

Reviewer 2: `entry-point` needs to be changed to `entrypoint`.

>     restart: never

Reviewer 2: `never` does not exist, see [here](https://docs.docker.com/compose/compose-file/#restart), can be removed, as `no` is the default value.

> ```

Reviewer 2: Add `user: 0:0`, see [here](https://github.com/tobybatch/kimai2/pull/193/files#r522143331).

Author: ```
tobias@tobias:dockers (158_bug_bad_display_of_the_dots) $ docker-compose up -d
WARNING: Found orphan containers (dockers_autoupdate_1) for this project. If you removed or renamed this service in your compose file, you can run this command with the --remove-orphans flag to clean it up.
Creating dockers_postfix_1 ... done
Creating dockers_sqldb_1   ... done
Creating dockers_kimai_1   ... done
Creating dockers_nginx_1   ... done
tobias@tobias:dockers (158_bug_bad_display_of_the_dots) $ vi docker-compose.yml 
tobias@tobias:dockers (158_bug_bad_display_of_the_dots) $ docker-compose up autoupdate 
Starting dockers_autoupdate_1 ... done
Attaching to dockers_autoupdate_1
autoupdate_1  | + cp -r /opt/kimai/public /
autoupdate_1  | + exit 0
dockers_autoupdate_1 exited with code 0
tobias@tobias:dockers (158_bug_bad_display_of_the_dots) $ 
```

Author: But I'll add it, belt and braces....

Reviewer 2: this is strange.. I use

- Docker 19.03.11
- docker-compose version 1.27.4
- And version spec 3.8 in the yml file

But it may be due to the NFS mount vs local mount.
